about

This site is about ditching all that complicated software and going back to basics. To where it all started.
To plain text files.
Why?
Because there is too much choice. For example, think of where you store your address list. Not for work contacts, just those loved ones, friends and family who you still send birthday and Christmas cards to. Do you keep it in a paper based book? Excel file? Access database? Word document? Do you even have a list?
If you're like I was, you are probably so snowed under with where or how to keep and maintain such a simple aspect of your life, you might not even know where it is.

Apps cover the screens of our mobile devices and computers. Three apps remind you of people's birthdays, seven apps will keep you in touch with friends, four apps will take pictures, nine apps for arranging or editing those pictures in the prettiest way. The list goes on.
It takes more effort, sometimes, to choose which app is best for which job, before you even start to think about what you want to do with the reminder, picture, message, email, whatever it is.

Also, there is a certain 'zen' flavour to the plain text outlook on handing life's practicalities. I do not carry worries or stagnant thoughts around in my head - they are out there, where I can see them for what they are. This way, I can let them go and get on with the moment. This is often more difficult to do in the reality of everyday life but I try my best.
Also, it is an acceptance of how to fit things in to our life. If you're burnt out trying to fit everything in and you're experiencing what the Bhuddists call 'dukkha', there is a permanent underlying feeling that something is not right, you're not keeping up, you're missing something important. Get it into your system and get on with learning to trust yourself.

As you can see, the site is text based. I like to practice what I preach :)

None of the articles are meant as a one-size-fits-all approach. People are different and what works for me may not work for you. You may have to edit or add to some of the templates or ideas to make them work for you.

Have fun with your system. Make a little time for it each day then get on with life.

:)
